I'm going to teach you how to make the
perfect paper plane let's get this party
started rocking is about to commence
again well is embarrassing guess what
what if I can make a paper plane fly 25
meters I can make it to the Aussie
championships in Sydney what I'm being
supportive that's what makes do you
granddad had some toys in the shed maybe
some of them could fly okay here's some
advice study everything the Flies just
awesome so it's fantastic does he get
much closer than that you're going to
compete in a series of challenges
fake that
ah
Oh
gonna go party wouldn't you be great if
it was about making something be making
a quarter this is to go well well uh
I'll give you some privacy
but how many laws have you broken today
three four